DOCS-1866: Edit upload page for model framework ui update (#2628)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/ml/upload-model.md

Select **Private** to only publish the model for internal use within this {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="organization" text="organization" >}}.
Select **Next steps** to continue.

{{<imgproc src="/ml/upload-model.png" resize="900x" alt="Upload model menu on the DATA tab of the Viam app." style="max-width: 600px">}}

1. Select the **Model framework** or the type of model.
   TensorFlow Lite, TensorFlow, PyTorch, and ONNX model frameworks are currently supported.

> 2. Upload the files required for your model framework.
>    If you choose a TensorFlow Lite or ONNX model framework, you add a `.txt` label file.
>    This should include the label names you provided in training, with one name per line.
> 
>    If you choose a TensorFlow model framework, you should upload it in the [SavedModel format](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/master/tensorflow/python/saved_model/README.md#the-savedmodel-format).
> 

Reviewer: I think this will be better as an unordered list within the step so they can easily see the different options. Perhaps something like this?
```suggestion
2. Upload the files required for your model framework:
   - For a TensorFlow Lite or ONNX model framework,  upload a `.txt` label file containing the label names you provided in training, with one name per line.
   - For a TensorFlow model framework, upload it in the [SavedModel format](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/master/tensorflow/python/saved_model/README.md#the-savedmodel-format).
```
Also [opt] consider specifying more explicitly what "it" is in the TensorFlow model framework, i.e. "...upload the model file in the [SavedModel format]..." or whatever is accurate, just so there's no ambiguity that "it" could refer to a text file as in the sentence before.

I'm suggesting "text file containing..." because that makes it clear that that's all it contains, as opposed to a text file that includes various things including the label names.

Select **Private** to only publish the model for internal use within this {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="organization" text="organization" >}}.
Select **Next steps** to continue.

> {{<imgproc src="/ml/upload-model.png" resize="900x" alt="Upload model menu on the DATA tab of the Viam app." style="max-width: 700px">}}

Reviewer: Something strange is happening where the image spills out of the tab box 
![image](https://github.com/viamrobotics/docs/assets/75634662/abcb668f-11e5-40cd-ab55-bab8fffece18)
Not a big deal in this case but maybe try 
```suggestion
{{<imgproc src="/ml/upload-model.png" resize="900x" alt="Upload model menu on the DATA tab of the Viam app." style="max-width: 600px">}}
```
instead?

{{<imgproc src="/ml/upload-model.png" resize="600x" alt="Upload model menu on the DATA tab of the Viam app.">}}

1. Select the **Model framework**, or, type of model. TensorFlow Lite, TensorFlow, PyTorch and ONNX model frameworks are currently supported.
2. Upload the files required for your model framework.
3. Specify a name for the model.
4. Specify the **Task type**.
5. Add a short description.
   This will help other users to understand how to use your model.

Select **Upload model**.
The model is now visible on the **MODELS** subtab of the **DATA** tab in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com) and available to [deploy on your machine](/ml/deploy/).
Also, if you selected **Public**, it should be publicly visible in the [Viam registry](https://app.viam.com/registry).

{{% alert title="TFLite label files" color="tip" %}}
During Step 2, if you chose a TensorFlow Lite model framework, you add a `.txt` label file.
This should include the label names as you provided them in training, with one name per line.

> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: @sguequierre I don't know if this comment was seen?

> {{% /alert %}}

Author: Updated with info from steven and moved into step 2 @JessamyT

> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: I figured that's what happened! :)

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="New version" %}}

{{<imgproc src="/ml/select-existing-model.png" resize="400x" alt="Select from your existing models.">}}

1. Select the model you would like to update from your existing models.
1. Select **Next steps** to continue.
1. Select the **Model framework**, or, type of model. TensorFlow Lite, TensorFlow, PyTorch and ONNX model frameworks are currently supported.
1. Upload the files required for your model framework.
1. Click **Upload model**.

Your model is now updated.

> {{% alert title="TFLite label files" color="tip" %}}

Reviewer: See comment above

Author: ok think addressed now!

{{<imgproc src="/ml/upload-model.png" resize="600x" alt="Upload model menu on the DATA tab of the Viam app.">}}

1. Select the **Model framework** or the type of model.
   TensorFlow Lite, TensorFlow, PyTorch and ONNX model frameworks are currently supported.
2. Upload the files required for your model framework.
3. Specify a name for the model.
4. Specify the **Task type**.
5. Add a short description.
   This will help other users to understand how to use your model.

Select **Upload model**.
The model is now visible on the **MODELS** subtab of the **DATA** tab in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com) and available to [deploy on your machine](/ml/deploy/).
Also, if you selected **Public**, it should be publicly visible in the [Viam registry](https://app.viam.com/registry).

{{% alert title="TFLite label files" color="tip" %}}
During Step 2, if you chose a TensorFlow Lite model framework, you add a `.txt` label file.

> This should include the label names as you provided in training, with one name per line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should include the label names you provided in training, with one name per line.
```
Sorry with my first suggestion on this line I missed this part-- I think this makes more sense??

{{% /alert %}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="New version" %}}

{{<imgproc src="/ml/select-existing-model.png" resize="400x" alt="Select from your existing models.">}}

1. Select the model you would like to update from your existing models.
1. Click **Next steps** to continue.
1. Select the **Model framework** or the type of model.
   TensorFlow Lite, TensorFlow, PyTorch and ONNX model frameworks are currently supported.
1. Upload the files required for your model framework.
1. Click **Upload model**.

Your model is now updated.

{{% alert title="TFLite label files" color="tip" %}}
During Step 4, if you chose a TensorFlow Lite model framework, you add a `.txt` label file.

> This should include the label names as you provided them in training, with one name per line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should include the label names you provided in training, with one name per line.
```

{{<imgproc src="/ml/select-existing-model.png" resize="400x" alt="Select from your existing models.">}}

1. Select the model you would like to update from your existing models.
1. Click **Next steps** to continue.

> 1. Select the **Model framework** or the type of model.
>    TensorFlow Lite, TensorFlow, PyTorch, and ONNX model frameworks are currently supported.
>    If you choose a TensorFlow Lite or ONNX model framework, you add a `.txt` label file.
>    This should include the label names you provided in training, with one name per line.
> 
>    If you choose a TensorFlow model framework, you should upload it in the [SavedModel format](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/master/tensorflow/python/saved_model/README.md#the-savedmodel-format).
> 
> 1. Upload the files required for your model framework.

Reviewer: It looks like these steps got out of order?

Same suggestion as above:
```suggestion
1. Select the **Model framework** or the type of model.
   TensorFlow Lite, TensorFlow, PyTorch, and ONNX model frameworks are currently supported.
1. Upload the files required for your model framework:
   - For a TensorFlow Lite or ONNX model framework,  upload a `.txt` label file containing the label names you provided in training, with one name per line.
   - For a TensorFlow model framework, upload it in the [SavedModel format](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/master/tensorflow/python/saved_model/README.md#the-savedmodel-format).
```
As above, consider changing this to "upload a model file...." or whatever is correct, if applicable
